ladies and gentlemen Tom Segura master
of accents
Wow I can't I can't believe you had that
made yeah uh-huh
oh it's like I mean I'm so good at it I
figured it kind of deserves its own you
know yeah you know the feedback has been
tremendous in terms of your talent so
let me read some other Twitter a
conference P on the Asian accents they
love that they think your English is the
best yeah uh we needed we need to hear a
Jamaican accent oh yeah have you been
working on that I don't have to it's
just uh sure
okay one improv go for it the king of
improv yeah I am the king of improv if
you don't mind my saying so I don't mind
yet and um yeah I can do let's hear it
Jamaican um you know it's basically I
feel like pick your poison you know
whatever you want to hear so yeah yeah
that's what you want to hear then we can
do that mm-hmm run teens Rudeboy put up
up up up up easy that's really good
yeah yeah yeah Wow those actually nice
really good okay um they like your tie
one okay we go pick up your Australian
was a spot-on
I thought you were filming Kaka dial
Dundee rich why yes yeah caca del Indy
um explore the noise that's a boy
koala oh that's good classic line of
course from not really get caca del
bindi two or three yeah a lot of people
complimented you on your Thai accent
yeah why do you think that is even more
experience authentic come on
they all are you know I just I hear it
and then sure it goes around and then it
comes out right so but the Taiwan I feel
like you're always at the Thai massage
place well it is where I'm used to
hearing it you know can you give them a
little bit more I even working on I like
you
so your face still like that now about
this yeah ready for this yeah we like
push grunting root gonna bump up that
push as hard as you can
so then that's the Jamaican guy he's
getting a massage from the Thai girl I
was really good you see and that's how I
just I just can I can I can pull from
different you know storylines I come
they come together and that's what's so
enjoyable I don't really like about you
and we did this top of the show and that
you can combine these obscure regions
aside you did Indian with a touch of
someone that's lived in Hong Kong right
so like uh I have to get ya settled for
so Indian how do you get into character
I just take my so I take myself there I
visualize the region or the the person
that I'm hearing and then they just come
to life you know I don't know it's just
like one of those gifts it's like you
know your master of accents just
something that happens I'm the king of
accents if you don't mind my saying so
I'm an Indian guy but I live in Hong
Kong
so go ahead I'm Indian guy from Hong
Kong yeah uh beg very kindly would you
like to take another shot with you maybe
a tie in the treaty this is very nicely
nice is a very nice jacket it is very
nice person you could buy the two kids
it is everyone what do you think Wow oh
that was so good that a phone call came
through the computer I think I don't
know I think there's some update that I
ran and now this is synced up it's very
annoying I just want to say those really
good accent work yeah what was that I
saw that gesture wait I know why are you
making fun of perfection no it was
really good very good
um let's try to do the morris obscure
European okay like let's start with a
Danish can you do like a Danish accent a
Danish accent okay there you up so she's
with me now oh oh okay yeah
as she showed before oh hey would you
like to come - yeah sometimes I get
thrown by how accurate isn't anyone yeah
you know I'll say like I'll say
something and I'll think I've become
another person and then that'll make me
well
well hey guys so it's just like it's
best perfect okay you hear it you hear
it yeah it's identical toilet paper on a
house toilet paper on a house sounds
good he's kind of thick German accent
hmm
no this sounds similar similar similar
see they're laughing at how good it ya
know what about Hungarian you've heard
that enough yeah yeah yeah
what was my oh he's good
he's nice no you don't need on that
baby's fine that's good baby's fine
that's my dad that's perfect no don't
need cream you don't need babies you put
the bite me in the drawer with baby you
know every time in Afghanistan I know
you spent time with tribes the way
Steven Seagal spends time training in
the martial arts you know you spent time
with a like some posh tune yeah try his
people I remember you said that like a
few years ago you picked up their
dialects well nice to show nice dose you
yeah I think you went full retard on
this little dial back retard
or posture I like here I like America
I like coca-cola Wow I like television I
like nice smelly candle that's really
good Tom I mean I think for our audience
even though you're obviously not
seasoned yeah do you want to try an
accent or two so that they can hear it
I'd like okay sure why don't you go
ahead well what do you want me to um why
don't you try a Australian accent Oh
perfect
yeah um good I might I'm gonna on up my
fish from McDonald's cop come to is raw
night do you like to swim wait I got a
challenge for diabetes it's not fair I
just realize you lived in Australian
died beach in a little but um how about
Irish
oh that's everybody can do and I'll
everybody can do in Irish accent Oh what
we have to hear it first
you know Irish time I forget it isn't it
like this yeah that's better this is
better yeah oh I made in a bit of a
cashews I'm eating a minute
I've got five thumbs up my ass is that
what it is that's very good Knapton
sheep's wool okay I mean yeah Starbucks
almost like The Cranberries girl she was
from Ireland right yeah oh and Shirley
Manson's from Ireland you're doing it
yeah I mean I I'm much better at it than
you are
no yeah no yeah we better at it than you
are oh there you go like that yeah Oh
Boehner's from Ireland I'm a leprechaun
boner Oh way the curb boom ooh - yeah
they're all from there hmm um yeah well
I just did it so friends
Oh franch yeah uh-huh
ego I I put my anus into my face it's
rank fight so much marshmallowy more
than you mangy mutt yeah yeah yeah yes
what what what oh I love to eat us all
eat the asshole please eat husband's
asshole your heart so good
ladies and gentlemen Tom Segura master
of accents